Expand Background section, add instructions for empty results. (#7)
digitalbazaar/credential-handler-polyfill: README.md

they need a consistent trusted UI (aka "trusted chrome" in industry parlance) to
do that.

#### Goal 2: Give users ability to choose their wallet provider

Just as it's important for users to have choice of music players, web browsers,
PDF viewers, and so on, it's crucial for them to be able to choose service
providers for wallets and credential storage (with safeguards and sane defaults).

#### Goal 3: Give web app developers a standard wallet API

Web app developers should not be required to roll their own wallet 
infrastructure for every application. Using a standard credential management
API allows developers to:

* Implement secure user account and login systems
* Minimize the risk of data leaks and identity theft
* Participate in the [Verifiable Credentials](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/) 
  ecosystem  

#### About this Polyfill

TODO: Explain the importance of polyfills for driving innovation and standards
for the Web platform. (a.k.a, many of your favorite Web platform features
probably started out as a polyfill.) 

#### Relationship to Other Standards

TODO: Add section explaining how CHAPI interacts with existing complementary

> web standards:

Reviewer: And how it could be used to streamline and preserve Web application state during OpenIDC logins and OAuth interactions

Author: Added

* WebAuthn and FIDO
* Credential Management Level 1 API
* Verifiable Credentials
* DIDs

## Demo

Visit https://digitalbazaar.github.io/credential-handler-polyfill/demo/ 
for an idea of what the basic handler UI looks like.

## Usage

### Loading the Polyfill

Before you can get and store credentials or keys, you need to load the
polyfill library.

If you're [loading the polyfill from a `<script>` 
tag](#including-credential-handler-api-in-browser-scripts), you will have
access to the `navigator.credentials` and `credentialHandlerPolyfill` globals.

```js
const polyfill = window.credentialHandlerPolyfill;
```

Otherwise (if you're developing on Node.js and using Webpack, for example),
import it in the usual manner:

```js
import * as polyfill from 'credential-handler-polyfill';
````

Load (async):

```js
await polyfill.loadOnce();
console.log('Ready to work with credentials!');
```

### Requesting and Storing Credentials

A web application can `get()` and `store()` credentials without knowing anything
about the user's wallet. This is intentional; for privacy reasons, the client

> app must not have access to any information regarding which wallets or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app must not be able to query any information (without user consent) about which wallets or 
```

credential handlers a user may have installed (otherwise, fingerprinting and
other attacks would be possible).

#### `get()`

A web app (a Relying Party or **verifier**) can request a credential using

> `credentials.get()`, for example when the user 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`credentials.get()` during a user gesture event, for example when the user 
```

pushes a button on a page that requires identity attributes or authentication.

```js

> const webCredential = await navigator.credentials.get({web: {}});

Reviewer: Add TODO about updating `web: {}` to something more useful.

Author: Done, thanks.

if(!webCredential) {
  console.log('no credentials received');
}
```

#### `store()`

A web app (for example, a credential **issuer** such as a university or 

> institution) can ask to _store_ a credential, for example when the user pushes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
institution) can ask to _store_ a credential during a user gesture event, for example when the user pushes 
```

```js
const result = await navigator.credentials.store({web: {}});
if(!result) {
  console.log('store credential operation did not succeed');
}
```

#### Handling Empty Results

If the `get()` or `store()` operation resolves to a `null` value, this means one
of two things:

1. The user has denied or canceled the request
2. The user does not have a wallet (credential handler service) installed

As mentioned previously, there is (intentionally) _no way for the client to know 
which_ of these is the case.

As an app developer, the recommended way to handle this situation depends on
your specific use case. This dilemma is familiar to mobile app developers asking
for specific phone permissions (to access the camera or location, for example).  
It is up to you to decide whether your app has fallback mechanisms, or whether
the operation is required and things come to a halt without it.

Typical ways of handling empty results may include:

* Invite the user to install a wallet if they haven't already (and provide a 
  link/recommendation, perhaps in a popup window)

> * (In case the user denied the request) Invite the user to re-try the operation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (In case the user denied the request) Invite the user to retry the operation,
```
